EZP-30626 Remove Nameable field type interface (#668)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/tutorials/field_type/3_implement_the_tweet_type_class.md

All native Field Types also extend the `eZ\Publish\Core\FieldType\FieldType` abstract class that implements this interface and provides implementation facilities through a set of abstract methods of its own. In this case, Type classes implement a mix of methods from the Field Type interface and from the abstract Field Type.

> To allow the Field Type to retrieve content name use the `\eZ\Publish\Core\FieldType\FieldType::getName` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To allow the Field Type to retrieve content name implement the `eZ\Publish\SPI\FieldType\FieldType::getName` method.
```
Please also decide it you want to precede all FQCNs with `\` or not. Sometimes it is preceded sometimes it is not. For the documentation it's just a matter of convention for readability.

Author: This change  was for consistency purpose exactly :)

> The recommended way to allow the Field Type to be able to generate content name is through the `FieldType::getName()`.

Reviewer 2: In 3.0 there is no other way then `eZ\Publish\Core\FieldType\FieldType::getName`
